To be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
Variety is the spice of life.
Bad times make a good man.
There is no royal road to learning.
Doubt is the key to knowledge.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
A man's best friends are his ten fingers.
Only they who fulfill their duties in everyday matters will fulfill them on great occasions.
The shortest way to do many things is to only one thing at a time.
Sow nothing, reap nothing.
Life is real, life is earnest.
Life would be too smooth if it had no rubs in it.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions form insufficient premises.
Life is fine and enjoyable, yet you must learn to enjoy your fine life.
Life is but a hard and tortuous journey.
Life is a horse, and either you ride it or it rides you.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Life is like music. It must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule.
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
The wealth of the mind is the only wealth.
You can't judge a tree by its bark.
Sharp tools make good work.
Wasting time is robbing oneself.
Nurture passes nature.
There is no garden without its weeds.
A man is only as good as what he loves.
Wealth is the test of a man's character.
The best hearts are always the bravest.
One never lose anything by politeness.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be sure of improving, and that's your own self.
The world is like a mirror: Frown at it and it frowns at you; smile, and it smiles too.
Death comes to all, but great achievements raise a monument which shall endure until the sun grows old.
The reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.
Suffering is the most powerful teacher of life.
A bosom friend afar brings a distant land near.
A common danger causes common action.
A contented mind is a continual / perpetual feast.
A fall into the pit, a gain in your wit.
A guest should suit the convenience of the host.
A letter from home is a priceless treasure.
All rivers run into the sea.
All time is no time when it is past.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
As heroes think, so thought Bruce.
A young idler, an old beggar.
Behind the mountains there are people to be found.
Bad luck often brings good luck.
Business is business.
Clumsy birds have to start flying early.
Do one thing at a time, and do well.
Custom makes all things easy.
Desire has no rest.
Difficult the first time, easy the second.
Do not change horses in mid-stream.
Do not have too many irons in the fire.
Do not teach fish to swim.
East or west, home is the best.
Experience is the best teacher.
Faith can move mountains.
First impressions are half the battle.
Good wine needs no bush.
Haste makes waste.
He that promises too much means nothing.
He who has an art has everywhere a part.
He would climb the ladder must begin at the bottom.
Home is where the heart is.
If you are not inside a house, you do not know about its leaking.
It is never too late to mend.
It six of one and half a dozen of the other.
Just has long arms.
Keep something for a rainy day.
Life is a span.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Meet plot with plot.
Merry meet, merry part.
Mind acts upon mind.
Never hit a man when he is down.
Never judge by appearances.
No fire without smoke.
Nurture passes nature.
One is never too old to learn.
One swallow does not make a summer.
One who has seen the ocean thinks nothing of mere rivers.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Practice makes perfect.
Poverty is stranger to industry.
Rome was not built in a day.
Sense comes with age.
So many men, so many minds.
Something is learned every time a book is opened.
Strike while the iron is hot.
The car will find its way round the hill when it gets there.
The heart is seen in wine.
The worse luck now, the better another time.
Time tries all things.
Use legs and have legs.
Virtue never grows old.
Walls have ears.
What is done cannot be undone.
Wine in, truth out.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
To be or not to be,this is a question.
I do not know go where,but I have been on the road.